Doc 1776/open banking partner documentation on docsswanio (#641)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/definitions/_sca.mdx

A PSD2 requirement that protects sensitive banking actions with two independent authentication factors.

> Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) combines something the user has (such as their phone) with something they know or are (such as a passcode or biometric), and is required for Open Banking consent and payment confirmation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) combines something the user has (such as their phone) with something they know or are (such as a passcode or biometric). PSD2 requires SCA for Open Banking consent and payment confirmation.
```

Split for readability.
